Wait for someone with cultivation to hold this invitation
This invitation will glow with gold
You didn't verify my invitation
They're kicking me out.
You are armed with crowns.
It's really getting worse
You, the porter, slandered the armed crown
Beheading City
You are secretly worshiping the immortal child without distinguishing right from wrong
Don't you want to live?
A person with no cultivation
How could it be possible to push Qin Tie
You will die without a corpse
Dare to shout bad things about the armed crown in front of me
Boy I give you a chance
See how you respect yourself
If this invitation is still fake
I will kill you with my own hands, Mr. Zhang
In case the plot cannot be driven
Isn't it dead?
Hahahaha
Zhang Shoucheng, if you die
I must take the twin as my own
What is real?
What the hell do you think?
Who is it today?
Is that impossible?
Yes, did you read it wrong first?
This Zhang Shoucheng is a porter, not to mention
How could there be a cultivation base that prompts the invitation?
This kind of invitation is only available to that disciple
Even your Qin family is not qualified
Dare to talk nonsense
I can't protect you with a breeze
Try Xie Long, don't worry.
Don't worry.
Look, it's the Ascension Conference
It's about to start.
I heard that this armed Guanzhong is in charge of Daxian
He is the thousandth generation of Qingchuan disciples of Zhenyuan Daxian
I have to say goodbye
It was actually Xuanji Grand Master and Yuzhen
The statue of the Grand Master Group?
He scolded people for being Master Xuanyang's master
I heard that these two were introduced to the realm of immortals
Quick Pie Quick Pie
Everyone follows me to see the mystery
Master Yuzhen Xuanyang
Taishizu
Welcome to the three masters
Why don't you kneel?
Don't see me armed and not kneeling
Who would dare to be so bold?